V5 Release note - Governance part (#877)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/governance/2-Flexible-product-models-variant-products.md

# Product models and variants enhanced flexibility

> ## Convert variant products into simple products

Author: We always said "convert".

::: meta-data type="New" ee-only="false" link-to-doc="../articles/enrich-products-variants.html#convert-a-variant-product-to-a-simple-one"

To offer greater flexibility when dealing with variant products, you can now easily transform them into simple products directly from the PIM interface. Quite a game changer when you need to refine your family variants! You can also use it if your product range now contains one product instead of several.

On a side note, this new feature will also help you change the family variants of your product model more efficiently. A real time saver indeed.

> ## Update the variant axis value of your product models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update the variant axis value of your products
```
If I am correct, it's for PM if they are 2 levels of variations and for any variant, so I'd rather remove model from the title, it could be misleading.

Author: Even cleaner and clearer:
```suggestion
## Update the axis value of your variant products
```

> # Product models and variants enhanced flexibility

Author: ```suggestion
# Enhanced flexibility for product models and variants
```

## Convert variant products into simple products
::: meta-data type="New" ee-only="false" link-to-doc="../articles/enrich-products-variants.html#convert-a-variant-product-to-a-simple-one"

To offer greater flexibility when dealing with variant products, you can now easily transform them into simple products directly from the PIM interface. Quite a game changer when you need to refine your family variants! You can also use it if your product range now contains one product instead of several.

![Conversion of a variant product into a simple one](../img/convert-variant-into-simple-product.gif)

On a side note, this new feature will also help you change the family variants of your product model more efficiently. A real time saver indeed.

## Update the axis value of your variant products
::: meta-data type="Improvement" ee-only="false"

> Sometimes when new variant products are created, their variant axis may be set to a value that is not exactly what you wanted. It is now possible to change this value later, making your product modeling even more flexible. And you already know it: controlled governance of product information is the key to unlocking powerful product experiences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may need to modify the variant axis of your variant product to adapt to more current needs. It is now possible to change this value later, making your product modeling even more flexible. And you already know it: controlled governance of product information is the key to unlocking powerful product experiences.
```
